1. What is Semantic HTML? 

Semantic HTML is the idea of using HTML elements that indicate what they are,
rather than just how they appear.

    2. What is HTML used for? 

HTML is used to mark up a web page


    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

Something that provides addditional information about the element. We put it at the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

The h1 tag is used for the title of the page. You should use it once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

Href and src

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

Metadata

    7. What is an id? 

An attribute that specifies a unique id for an HTML element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

All elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

Once

    10. What is a class? 

An attribute used to point to a class name in a style sheet or by a javascript

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

All elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

Infinitely

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

Target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

For SEO 

    15. How do I reference an id?
#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

Sections are for grouped content, divs don't have special meaning

    17. What is CSS used for? 

To style a webpage

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

h2{
}


    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A class can be used for several elements and an id is unique. I'd use a class when an element needs to be addressed more than once in CSS, I'd use an id whenever I needed the element to be uniquely named.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class{
}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

P.human{
}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
element>element to be used when selection an element that is a direct child of a specific parent element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

<br>

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

*/

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

/*write your comment*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

Pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

Ls


    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

    34. Why should I use version control? 

So you don't get confused by multiple edited versions.

    35. How often should I commit to GitHub?

As often as possible

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to GitHub? 

git push -u origin firstname-lastname

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

1) fork
2) clone
3)open terminal
4) cd "file you want to clone into"
5) git clone (clone link)
6) cd into new repo using cd
7) use git checkout -b "firstname-lastname"
9) work
10) git add to add repo changes and ready them for committing
11) git commit -m "Helpful commit message explaining changes"
12) git push -u origin branch-name to send to GitHub (branch-name is whatever specified in git checkout -b)
13) submit pull request
14) Go to forked repo on GitHub, click branch:master button on left
15)click your name-branch then  click new pull request
16) click dropdown button that says base repository and change it to be forked repo instead of original
17)add pls


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
Inline elements don't disrupt the flow
Block elements do

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 